Case 2025-00012 - EVLink (#966)
DIVD-NL/web-csirt: _cases/2025/DIVD-2025-00012.md

# This field becomes mandatory when the case status is set to 'Closed'

# The lines below redirect all the CVE references to our site
# Uncommend these lines if we are the CNA of record. (ask @cna_admins on Slack if you don't know)
jekyll-secinfo:
  cve:
    url: /cves/CVE-
---
## Summary

DIVD researcher Wilco van Beijnum has discovered four vulnerabilities in [Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox](https://www.se.com/nl/nl/product-range/62395-evlink-wallbox/#products) EV charger, that allow authenticated users to read and write arbitrary files on the device, execute arbitrary code via this method, inject commands via the configuration options and conduct stored cross site scripting in the report functionality.

The vulnerabilities will not be patched by Schneider Electric as the devices at the end of their commercial life. The vendor is offering a replacement product that is not affected by these vulnerabilities as well as a [detailed advisory](https://download.schneider-electric.com/files?p_Doc_Ref=SEVD-2025-161-03&p_enDocType=Security+and+Safety+Notice&p_File_Name=SEVD-2025-161-03.pdf) that contains mitigating measures.

## What you can do

> If you have a Scheinder Electric EVLink Wallbox it is best to decommision this devices, refrain from selling it second hand and replace it with a product that can be updated, has a long projected support time and is not affected by these vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox it is best to decommission this devices, refrain from selling it second hand and replace it with a product that can be updated, has a long projected support time and is not affected by these vulnerabilities.
```

If you choose to keep this device in operation it is recommended that you take the following measures:
* Make sure the device is not reachable from any untrusted network (internet, visitor network, public wifi, etc.)
* Put the devices on a separate VLAN or isolate it in another way
* Check the device's log for abuse regularly
* Choose a strong password
* Change the password regularly

## What we are doing

> DIVD has reported the vulnerability to Scheinder Electric. As they are a CNA themselves, Schneider Electric has registered CVEs for these vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DIVD has reported the vulnerability to Schneider Electric. As they are a CNA themselves, Schneider Electric has registered CVEs for these vulnerabilities.
```

---
layout: case
# Title and excerpt will be used on /cases and the RSS feed so make sure they reflect the case well
title: Four vulnerabilities in Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox
excerpt: ""
author: Frank Breedijk
lead: Frank Breedijk
researchers:
- Wilco van Beijnum
- Harm van den Brink
# You can use free text here as well. E.g. to indicate that some vulnerabilities don't have CVEs assigned (yet). But, given that we discovered that you should always be able to get a CVE id from @cna_admins on Slack
cves:
- CVE-2025-5740
- CVE-2025-5741
- CVE-2025-5742
- CVE-2025-5743
product: 
- Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox
versions: 
- All versions
recommendation: No patch available, product is no longer supported. Apply mitigating measures

> patch_status: No patch available, product is no longer supported,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
patch_status: No patch available, product is no longer supported
```

workaround: Apply the mitigating measures suggested by the vendor
status : Open
start: 2025-04-22
end: 
timeline:
- start: 2025-04-22
  end:

>   event: "Vulnerability reported to DIVD by ENCS"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Vulnerability reported to DIVD"
```

- start: 2025-04-23
  end:
  event: "DIVD reaches out to Schneider Electric PSIRT"
- start: 2025-04-23
  end:

>   event: "Scheiner Electric acknowledges receipt of report"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Schneider Electric acknowledges receipt of report"
```

- start: 2025-04-23
  end:   2025-04-23
  event: "Time to acknowledge"
  # Time to acknowledge is an important metric we like to track it
- start: 2025-04-28
  end:

>   event: "Scheinder Electric assigns SE-18861 to SE-18864 to vulnerabilities"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Scheinder Electric assigns SE-18861 to SE-18864 to vulnerabilities"
```

```suggestion
  event: "Schneider Electric assigns SE-18861 to SE-18864 to vulnerabilities"
```

- start: 2025-05-20
  end:

>   event: "Scheinder Electric confirms vulnerabilities exist"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Schneider Electric confirms vulnerabilities exist"
```

- start: 2025-06-10
  end:

>   event: "Scheinder Electric publishes CVE records"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Schneider Electric publishes CVE records"
```

- start: 2025-06-10
  end:

>   event: "Scheinder Electric publishes advisory SEVD-2025-161-03"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  event: "Schneider Electric publishes advisory SEVD-2025-161-03"
```

- start: 2025-04-23
  end:   open
  event: "Time to patch (N/A)"
  # Time to patch is antoher important metric
ips: n/a
# ips is used for statistics after the case is closed. If it is not applicable, you can set IPs to n/a (e.g. stolen credentials)
# This field becomes mandatory when the case status is set to 'Closed'

# The lines below redirect all the CVE references to our site
# Uncommend these lines if we are the CNA of record. (ask @cna_admins on Slack if you don't know)
jekyll-secinfo:
  cve:
    url: /cves/CVE-
---
## Summary

> Wilco van Beijnum, DIVD volunteer, in his capacity as researcher at [ENCS](https://encs.eu/) has discovered four vulnerabilities in [Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox](https://www.se.com/nl/nl/product-range/62395-evlink-wallbox/#products) EV charger, that allow authenticated users to read and write arbitrary files on the device, execute arbitraty code via this method, inject commands via the configuration options and conduct stored crocss site scripting via report deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wilco van Beijnum, DIVD volunteer, has discovered four vulnerabilities in [Schneider Electric EVLink Wallbox](https://www.se.com/nl/nl/product-range/62395-evlink-wallbox/#products) EV charger, that allow authenticated users to read and write arbitrary files on the device, execute arbitrary code via this method, inject commands via the configuration options and conduct stored cross site scripting in the report functionality.
```

The vulnerabilities will not be patched by Schneider Electric as the devices at the end of their commercial life. The vendor is offering a replacement product that is not affected by these vulnerabilities as well as a [detailed advisory](https://download.schneider-electric.com/files?p_Doc_Ref=SEVD-2025-161-03&p_enDocType=Security+and+Safety+Notice&p_File_Name=SEVD-2025-161-03.pdf) that contains mitigating measures.

## What you can do

If you have a Scheinder Electric EVLink Wallbox it is best to decommision this devices, refrain from selling it second hand and replace it with a product that can be updated, has a long projected support time and is not affected by these vulnerabilities.

If you choose to keep this device in operation it is recommended that you take the following measures:

> * Make sure the device is not reachable from any untrusted network (internet, visitor network, public wifi , etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure the device is not reachable from any untrusted network (internet, visitor network, public wifi, etc.)
```

> * Put the devices on a separate vlan or isolate it in another way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Put the devices on a separate VLAN or isolate it in another way
```

* Check the device's log for abuse regularly
* Choose a strong password
* Change the password regularly

> ## What we are doing
> 
> DIVD has reported the vulnerability to Scheinder Electric on behalf of [ENCS](https://encs.eu). As a CNASchneider Electric has registered CVEs for these vulnerabilities.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
